there are a thousand ways to monetize
value the problem I find people don't
actually have value to
bring this isn't us at impact Theory
being in a bubble there is a whole world
of hyper successful entrepreneurs for
whom it's not enough to have made a ton
of cash they really want to do
[Music]
something all right what is up boys and
girls thank you so much for joining me
here at one of my absolute favorite
things in the world which is inperson
meetups I cannot tell you how much I
enjoy coming out meeting people getting
to talk about entrepreneurial principles
and hopefully touching that next
generation of entrepreneurs and we are
here at the ooc tech Meetup in Irvine
and very excited literally I'm already
miked up we are minutes away to hit that
stage so why don't we go inside and make
some magic happen let's do
[Music]
it
Now ladies and gentlemen Tom
you
here so much clapping so much clapping
the world is Shifting again and that
Paradigm looks very differently and now
everybody is their own publishing
Channel and what's beginning to happen
from building your own personal brand
and turning yourself into an influencer
you can't ignore that Trend and I want
to introduce you to the two new king
makers these are the king makers boys
and girls this is how a business is
built
today authenticity and
transparency that's it find out who you
are who are you really what do you
really want what do you really stand for
and then build a company around that and
my advice to people and this is how I
think any MMA fans here all right you
ever seen a guy get dazed and grabbed
for legs right they're so trained to do
that that even when they can't tell you
their own name or where they are they
know enough to grab for legs cuz that's
safety the truth of who you are is that
safety those are your legs so I always
say if you wake me up in the middle of
the night punch me in the head and start
yelling at me and then ask me questions
I will give you the same answers I give
you now because it is core and
fundamental to who I am as a human being
if you do that your business and its
Persona is on stable footing because
it's
it's true it's transparent it's
authentic right there's nothing fake
about it all right any
[Music]
[Applause]
questions well why don't you start
building your following now so don't
leave Boeing there's no reason to burn
that bridge start building your
following putting out content adding
value to people see what's taking off
what's working in terms of what platform
so people always ask that question the
only answer is all of them so yeah you
got to be where your fans are start
simply start on all the platforms find
out which one clicks look where you
start getting the early wins apply some
more energy to that there are a thousand
ways to monetize value the problem I
find people don't actually have value to
bring if when I say become the world's
four most expert that thought just gives
you anxiety you're going to lose if when
I say become the world's foremost expert
and you get like almost those love
butterflies in your stomach planning my
trip and you think oh my God I might be
the world's foremost expert like that is
a fight I would I would eat ramen that's
my code for like I'll live poor I would
eat ramen to become the greatest in the
world of something to me that's
cool man like to re to really become
capable of the extraordinary is my juice
if you have the personality for it and
can create valuable content it is a huge
leg up on the competition humans look
for the high status people in the group
right so you guys have decided that I'm
the high status one in the group which
is why everybody's looking at me you're
very patiently waiting for me to answer
questions like all of that right when I
bought into personal branding was when I
saw what Gary vaynerchuk did and I
watched him go from absolute obscurity
to a mini celebrity and I was like the
like this guy's lit Al getting
meetings with clients just because they
know who he is um I see it as a window
into your company it's not really
anything more than that but it gives
people a way to see what you're about
like you all have like a certain Vibe
about my willingness to serve you now
automatically you believe that about my
company right because right now in your
minds there's no difference it is
midnight at the ooc tech Meetup we
crushed it these guys have been asking
amazing questions for hours now we
finally got to to the last question it
was awesome we've got people
here repping hard so tonight has been
amazing just met a lot of really cool
people this was an awesome Community I'm
super honored to have been invited to
this and to have had the chance to spend
time with these amazing people so this
was another amazing one thank you guys
for watching and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
peace
[Music]